Coming to the big picture here,
we find that this is the Redshift cluster that we want to do.
But in our case,
there is a couple of small problems with our quickly launched cluster.
So, from all backward we are actually concerned
in our exercise here with these two connections.
So, what's with that?
So, the idea is that we said the Redshift is going to pull data from S3.
Now, S3 is sitting there,
doesn't know actually who's coming,
and finally, find a read request from Amazon Redshift.
And who's Amazon Redshift? It doesn't know.
So, Amazon Redshift needs actually to do what's known as impersonating a role,
impersonating someone who has access to S3.
So, we have to configure Amazon Redshift to do that.
We basically do that by creating an IAM role,
which you should have covered in lesson two,
and you need to have an IAM role that actually has the privilege or has a policy,
to have at least read only access to S3.
The second problem actually is by default,
the Amazon Redshift is only available security wise to
other nodes inside the virtual and private cluster
or virtual private cloud we said the VPC.
So, Amazon Redshift is launched within a VPC,
and the default security group settings is
actually for that this Redshift to be visible within the security group.
We are going to run our work from Jupyter Notebooks to access this one.
So, we need to be able to access from the outside
and not only for the sake of our exercises,
in many occasions you would be also interested
in accessing the warehouse from the outside.
I would say that also in other cases you wouldn't
want to do that and you want to have that tight security.
But if you want to access it from the outside,
you need to open a TCP port here to be able to
establish a connection from the outside to the inside.
So, to sum it up,
building a Redshift cluster using the quick launcher,
is fully functioning but we need a little bit more functionality.
So, we need the security settings.
We need to actually lower the node just a
bit to be able to access the cloud from the outside,
and we also need to impersonate a user who has read access to S3.